dumpling: add URI formats (#15165)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-kafka.md

> **Tip**
>

> > Currently, the external storage services supported by TiCDC are the same as BR. For detailed parameter descriptions, see [URI Formats of External Storage Services](/external-storage-uri.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> For more information about the URI parameters of Amazon S3, GCS, and Azure Blob Storage in TiCDC, see [URI Formats of External Storage Services](/external-storage-uri.md).
```
